Specs countries (#293)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/international/locations/add-new-country.md

> ---

Reviewer: This file should be in a "countries folder" with an _index.md file and should be renamed for add-edit-country.md

title: Add new country
weight: 1
---

> # Add new country

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add edit country
```

> When adding a new country, these are the fields shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding or editing a country, the following fields / drop-down / toggles are displayed:
```
